## NTR Developmental Project

This is the repository for the generation of measures across different age bins in the developmental project.

My current task is to streamline the computation of these measures (main functionality in `PG_Prob_Calculator.Rmd` and `PG_prob_calculator_v3.R`)

### Current Progress

I am working on improving the efficiency of the code. Right now, the code needs to be re-run manually for the desired age bin (see line 43 of `PG_Prob_Calculator.Rmd`, which needs to be changed to reflect which age bin we are interested in obtaining measures for) and thus there are many repeat computations.

I've slightly adjusted the original `PG_Prob_Calculator.Rmd` file to observe some of its outputs but my main work is in `age_bin_measures.R` which will have the finalized code when done.

### Contents

`age_bin_measures.R`: file which will have the improved code

`AoA_measures.xlsx`: contains age-of-acquisition statistics for the lexicon used

`forR_input.csv`: contains sublexical mesures for the lexicon used

`make_PG_GP_tables.R`: original file generates FREQ, PG, and GP tables for different syllable- and word- positions. The outputs of this file already exist in the repo.

`PG_Prob_Calculator.Rmd`: original file that prepares inputs to the PG_Prob_Calculator based on the desired age bin

`PG_prob_calculator_v3.R`: calculates different measures given an input file of the forR_input format. This is what is run after deciding which age bin the measures should be evaluated for.

All other csv's are either generated by the `make_PG_GP_tables.R` file, which has already been run, or are temporary files generated as I work to improve the code.